{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\lang9\f0\fs40 ~Getting Started~\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 If you haven't already, please unzip the rar file to a location of your choice.\par
Once unziped, you will have a folder named "Eclipse-The Final Frontier" and within this folder you will see two more folders with the names "client" and "server".\par
Go inside your server folder and open "EFF Server.exe".\par
Now go inside your client folder and open "Eclipse TFF.exe"\par
Once loaded, click the "Register" button and continue on to create your own account. During this process you'll create your character and be sent into the fantastic Eclipse Engine.\par
Now that you're inside and playing. Bring the server to focus so you can make yourself an admin. Click on the "Players" tab. Now simply right click the row with your username in it and select "Make Admin".  If done correctly you will have received a message on the client in the bottom left corner of the game screen. This is your chat box.\par
You have now learned how to open your game and server. You also know how to turn players into admins or moderators.\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\par
\fs40 ~Editing Your Game~\fs28\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 You have several editors for your game. These include the Map Editor, NPC Editor, Item Editor, Resource Editor, Spell Editor, Quest Editor, Character Editor, Animation Editor, and a few others you'll see below. Here I'll explain what each one does, how to use/find them, and also how to use commands and send messages\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs40 ~Using Commands/Sending Messages:~\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28\tab First you'll need to open your chat box to be able to type into it. To do this simply press the 'Enter' key. You will see your chat box background appear along with an underlying box for entering text.\par
\tab All commands start with the "/" character.\tab (ex. "/help")\par
\tab To send a message or a command simply press the 'Enter' key again.\par
\par
\fs40 Editor Run-Through Feature:\par
\tab\fs28 This is a new feature I made to easily access the editors. Once you have administrative access you may use the letter 'E' on your keyboard to run through the editors. When you press the letter 'E' you will notice a little box pops up in the center of the screen with a white letter in it. This letter represents the Editor you are about to open. Keep pressing the letter 'E' and you'll notice this letter will change. If you leave one letter visible for more than a second, the corresponding editor will be opened. Try it now.\par
M = Map Editor\tab\tab N = NPC Editor \par
I = Item Editor\tab\tab R = Resource Editor\par
Q = Quest Editor\tab\tab Sp = Spell Editor\par
Sh = Shop Editor\tab\tab Cb = Combo Editor\par
Ch = Character Editor\tab A = Animation Editor\par
\par
\fs40 Map Editor:\par
\tab\fs28 Command:\tab\tab "/editmap"\par
\tab Run-Through: \tab 1 press\par
\tab This editor is for mainly for creating maps. Here you'll use layers to strategically place tiles to your screen creating surfaces and textures that make up the location of your gameplay. With this editor you can decide the size of the map, the NPC's that are within it, weather present, fog present, and other settings needed for dynamic gaming.  When placing tiles keep in mind that Fringe tiles are visible on top of your player. This means your player can walk behind it like the back of a house or top of a tree. Mask tiles sit above the ground adding effects like leaves on grass or maybe cacti in a desert. And obviously your ground layer is just that; the ground. This is the very bottom layer that every other layer will be added on to.\par
\par
\fs40 NPC Editor:\par
\tab\fs28 Command:\tab\tab "/editnpc"\par
\tab Run-Through:\tab 2 presses\par
\tab This editor is for editing computer controlled players/animals/objects. You have many features to control including the graphic of the NPC, stats such as health, strength, defence, and damage, experience given when killed, type of NPC(Attackable and Nonattackable options), and many more options for full customization.\par
\par
\fs40 Item Editor:\par
\tab\fs28 Command:\tab\tab "/edititem"\par
\tab Run-Through:\tab 3 presses\par
\tab This editor makes up all items in your game. With this editor you can create books, food, currency, weapons, armour, capes, and more. You can determine the base price, rarity, stats given, stats required, and much much more.\par
\par
\fs40 Resource Editor:\fs28\par
\tab Command:\tab\tab "/editresource"\par
\tab Run-Through:\tab 4 presses\par
\tab Resources make up things like Trees for woodcutting, Rocks for mining, and Water Spots for fishing. This editor allows you to set all the properties of these resources for your game such as health, item awarded, tool required, and more. Resources make up most of your skilling abilities.\par
\par
\fs40 Quest Editor:\par
\tab\fs28 Command:\tab\tab "/editquest"\par
\tab Run-Through:\tab 5 presses\par
\tab The quest editor brings you a massive editor for creating individual quests. You will use NPCS to administer these quests to the players. Unfortunately NPCS are the only way as of right now. Here you can set tasks, items given, items required, and several other more detailed customizable options.\par
\par
\fs40 Spell Editor:\par
\tab\fs28 Command:\tab\tab "/editspell"\par
\tab Run-Through:\tab 6 presses\par
\tab This editor allows you to create individual spells for common use such as mage attacks. You can adjust the range, strength, class required, stats taken, targets, and much more.\par
\par
\fs40 Character Editor:\par
\tab\fs28 Command:\tab\tab "/editchar"\par
\tab Run-Through:\tab 7 presses\par
\tab Here you can load your character stats and adjust them to your liking. You have the ability to change just about every aspect of your player including, but not limited to, your bank items and inventory items.\par
\par
\fs40 Animation Editor:\par
\tab\fs28 Command:\tab\tab "/editanimation"\par
\tab Run-Through:\tab 8 presses\par
\tab Very simple editor which allows easier access to animations. You can also change framerates which is basically just the speed of the animation. This editor is great for simplifying and customizing the animation process for spells/items/what ever else uses them :p\par
\par
\fs40 Shop Editor:\par
\tab\fs28 Command:\tab\tab "/editshop"\par
\tab Run-Through:\tab 9 presses\par
\tab Access and change items for sell within the shops in your game. Set the price, the percentage that the shop buys back for, and what currency to use to buy it.\par
\par
\fs40 Combo Editor:\par
\tab\fs28 Command:\tab\tab "/editcombo"\par
\tab Run-Through:\tab 10 presses\par
\par
\tab A new editor that allows the creation of item combos. You will be able to click one item and another to combine the two to turn them in to another item, or maybe two items. You can change it to however many you'd like. This Combo System also features a new style of inventory play that include highlighting of an item when you click on it. (Similar to RS)\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs40 ~Game Play~\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 -To pick up items press the 'Space' key.\par
-To attack/interact with NPCS or Events press the 'CTRL' key.\par
-To move you may use either your arrow keys or WASD.\par
-To target a player or NPC simply click on them.\par
-To combine items simply highlight one item in your inventory by clicking it and then click another. If a combination is available and you meet the requirements, you'll combine the items and receive the reward.\par
-To view your Inventory use either the letter 'V' or 'N' on your keyboard.\par
-To view your quest log use the letter 'Q' on your keyboard.\par
-To view your Character Stats use the letter 'C' on your keyboard.\par
-To view your Friends List use the letter 'B' on your keyboard.  Keep in mind that pressing the letter 'B' while targeting a player will send the player a friend request.\par
-To view your Party use the letter 'P' on your keyboard.\tab\par
-To view your Spells use the letter 'O' on your keyboard.\par
-To trade with a player you must first target them and press the letter 'T' on your keyboard.\par
-To view your Skill List use the letter 'K' on your keyboard.\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs40 ~Explanations~\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 Two new visual options have been added. Open the Options pane by pressing the 'ESC' key. You'll notice at the bottom are the "Minimap" and "Buttons" toggles. The minimap is self-explanatory. It toggles the display of the minimap. The buttons option is the toggle for the main graphical buttons that open your character, inventory, trade, ect.. The other option rather than just HotKeys.\par
The server has been equipped with two new control options: "Allow Projectiles" & "Original GUI Bars". Let me explain. The 'Projectiles' option will toggle whether or not the engine will allow attacks with projectile weapons. The projectile will still be fired, but impact will cause no damage. The 'Original GUI' options toggles between the NEW Health/Mana/Exp bars and display or the......wait for it........ORIGINAL Health/Mana/Exp bars. Exciting stuff...I know. I can barely contain myself. *sarcasm*\par
A combat system addon has been implemented. You'll notice items that can be equipped and NPC's have new options. Light/Dark/Neutral damage and resistance. These stats give each item or NPC the capability of doing a more random amount of damage and block a certain amount of damage from a specific damage type. If you set Light Dmg to 30, the damage will be randomized 1-30 and added to your regular damage. If the NPC has the light resistance set to 50, the damage will be subtracted by a randomized number 1-50. The damage taken away will not be more than the amount of elemental damage applied. The system is also implemented for PVP combat.  \par
I hoped this explains how the system will work. Thanks for reading.\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs40 ~Credits~\par
\b\fs28 escfoe2\b0\fs40\par
\fs28 I took time from my busy schedule to put together \par
this shi**y page I'm referring to as a guide ;)\par
You are welcome.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
}
 